CMS Project Sections

Section 12-----key word: query
1. Add working structure and split index.php to different parts
2. Create database and category table for the CMS
3. Build db.php to connect database and include db.php in index.php
4. Inserting data into category table and display it (navigation.php)
5. Creating posts table
6. Inserting data into the posts table and displaying it (index.php)
7. Inserting the post image and displaying it (save image file name in database)
8. Creating a custom search engine: create a new page file called search.php, display sorted posts
9. Adding Categories to the sidebar

Section 13------Add, delete and update categories
1. Reorganize index.php and creating reusable code in the admin
2. Creating the navigation links in admin
3. Creating the admin category page: create a table to display cat_id, cat_title, delete button, edit button
4. Displaying data in category page
5. Adding categories (display function is behind this, so no need to refresh page)
6. Deleting categories (adding a special function to our header file): auto refresh page after add category)
Hint: put delete categories function before display_all function, no need to auto refresh
7. Updating or editing categories
Hint: included file needs to global variable to use current file varialbe
8. Create function.php to seperate php functions

Section 14: admin mode
1. Creating a HTML table in admin to display a list of posts
2. Display posts list in admin
3. Including pages based on condition technique(switch funciton)
4. Creating post HTML form in admin (add_post.php)
5. Inserting post data from admin
6. Deleting posts in admin (header(Location:current page))
7. Creating the HTML edit form post page
8. Displaying the edit data in post edit page
9. Dynamic category editing/image display
10. Relating categories to posts and displaying it
11. Adding category dropdown to the add post page
12. Adding individual post page and link
13. Creating the category page
14. Setting up some links and making an excerpt (substr funtion)

Section 15: Comments
1. Creating the comments table and inserting form in admin
2. Creating the comments page and HTML form in admin(Similar to post.php)
3. Creating the Query for displaying comments in admin
4. Inserting new fields in Front end comment form and testing it
5. Creating the Front End comment insert query
6. Finishing the query to send comment data(Front end)
7. Relating comments to posts
8. Deleting comments
9. Approving and unapproving comments
10. Displaying comments based on approval
11. Increasing comments count: count increment one for every add_comment
12. Adjustments for comments and displaying post based on status
Note: future work-----for deleting every comments, comment count should decrement one as well
Section 16: Users
1. Creating the users table and data insert
2. Creating users pages and links
3. Modifying user table heading
4. Displaying users in admin
5. Adding users in admin
6. Deleting users
7. Changing user roles
8. Setting up the edit user page
9. Displaying user values in edit page
10. Adding select options to user role
11. updating user

Section 17: Login & Logout
1. Creating the login form
2. Making the login page
3. Select User Query
4. Validating user Query front end
5. Setting values with Sessions: 
 - function session_start() to deliver info
 - user global $_SESSION['xxx'] to user data
6. Validating user admin
7. Logout page improved validation

Section 18: Profile
1. Creating the Profile Page
2. Displaying user data
3. Updating user data

Section 19: Dashboard
1. Adding widgets
2. Posts dynamic data in widget
3. Using dynamic data in all widgets
4. Adjusting widget links
5. Adding a google chart to admin
6. Editing the chart
7. Displaying dynamic data in chart

Section 20: Improving CMS
1. Adjusting post echo
2. Removing read more buttion
3. Adding notification to add user page

Section 21: Extra features
1. Adding dynamic category selection for edit post page
2. Adding extra element to dashboard
3. Adding the WYSIWYG editor
4. Adding links to post images and read more button
5. Adding post update notification
6. Adding post edit link in front end
7. Adding bulk options posts
8. Adding dropdown option for add post page
9. Adding post creation notice to add post page
10. Adding link to add new button in post page
11. Adding link to view posts from admin
12. Adding validation to comments in post page

//Hints: MySQL error: export database and reinstall server&MySQL
Section 22: CMS-Extra features - user registration
1. Downloading&placing form makeup: Registration page
2. Testing registration form
3. Extracting form values and escaping
4. Starting Query and Default tables values
5. Fetching out database for default values
6. Registering users
7. Validating fields
8. Encrypting user passwords (funtion crypt)
9. Updating CMS due to password encryption
10. User page display shorter password field
11. User page dropdown default value change









